Welcome to this lesson on Synchronous Programming.
The goal of this lesson is to lay a good foundation and
set the basic concepts so that future lessons are easier.
The topics we will cover are an introduction to threads.
We won't be going into any great detail on threads.
For instance, we won't cover hardware or anything,
but we will take a little time to cover what you need to know
about threads in order to understand a synchronous code later on.
We'll cover blocking versus non-blocking.
You might have heard people talk about blocking or non-blocking actions in code.
In this lesson, we'll go into detail about
this concept and practice writing non-blocking code.
We'll also cover terms for asynchronous and multi-threaded programs.
There are lots of new words you will hear when learning about
asynchronous and multi-threaded programming,
and many of them get misused.
So we will take some time to define
those terms so that you're comfortable using them and,
most importantly, because they come in handy for interviews.
We'll wrap up with callbacks for asynchronous functionality.
You've used callbacks already and are used to following function chains,
but in this lesson, we'll revisit them with
an eye for how they play into asynchronous functionality.
After these concepts and some hands-on practice,
we'll be ready to move onto promises.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6